---
title: Episode 015
date: Thursday March 4th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-15-tile.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode15-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="00015 - To know good and evil" height="122" width="100%" style="border: none;" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/media/player/wyanx-fc96d8?from=pb6admin&download=1&version=1&auto=0&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Helvetica&skin=1&pfauth=&btn-skin=107"></iframe>

## To know good and evil

> 21 Yahweh God made garments of animal skins for Adam and for his wife, and clothed them.
>
> 22 Yahweh God said, “Behold, the man has become like one of us, knowing good and evil. Now, lest he reach out his hand, and also take of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever—” 23 Therefore Yahweh God sent him out from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from which he was taken. 24 So he drove out the man; and he placed cherubim\[a] at the east of the garden of Eden, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to guard the way to the tree of life.
>
> ###### Genesis 3:21-24

Only after naming his wife *Khavah*, or "life" does God clothe them. The symbolism in this verse follows through the whole Bible, even to the last book. 
\
There are three things involved in the clothing of Adam and Eve and they all point to the work of the coming Redeemer – 


First, God initiated the action. If you remember, Adam and the woman made fig leaves to cover themselves, but God rejected this. They chose the material, the fashion, and everything else involved in it. Despite this, they were still ashamed and hid when the Lord came looking for them.
The covering couldn’t conceal their deeds. In the same way, all false religions choose the mode of salvation and they initiate the actions which are expected to please God and bring about restoration. They are man centered, working back to God. But this has been, is, and always will be rejected by God.
Instead, God alone chooses the course of action and He initiates it. He decides the covering and everything else associated with it.

Secondly, something had to die, an innocent animal – probably a lamb or a ram. God didn’t kill Adam or the woman, but rather chose an innocent animal in their place. In essence, He transferred their guilt to the animal and the animal suffered for their misdeeds.  This symbolizes God’s choice of the only sacrifice which is truly acceptable to Him, the death of Jesus Christ – the Lamb of God. Later in the Bible we see in the book of Hebrews that an animal cannot take away sins, but only temporarily cover them until the final Sacrifice – the Lord Jesus, who died in place of fallen man.

And the thirdly – God completed the action. He personally clothed them. It was His gift and it was unmerited. His animal died, His hands prepared the covering, and His hands clothed them 

He clothed them only after Adam named his wife *Khavah*, or “life.” because this name was a demonstration of faith. They lost access to the Garden when they lacked faith and it was only by faith that they could ever hope to be restored to it. 
\
And so after demonstrating faith, God provided the clothing. In the same way, Jesus gives us His robes of righteousness only after we demonstrate faith in Him. 
\
The Bible – from Genesis to Revelation notes that salvation of the human soul is based on faith and on faith alone. When God speaks, we are expected to take His word at face value, and only after demonstrating faith in His promise are we granted His covering – the righteousness of Christ.