---
title: Episode 055
date: Tuesday April 13th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-55.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode55-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0055 - A time for laughter - the son of promise" allowtransparency="true" height="150" width="100%" style="border: none; min-width: min(100%, 430px);" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/player-v2/?i=efrz8-1008943-pb&from=pb6admin&download=1&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Arial&skin=1&btn-skin=7"></iframe>

<!--StartFragment-->

> 18 Yahweh appeared to him by the oaks of Mamre, as he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. 2 He lifted up his eyes and looked, and saw that three men stood near him. When he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself to the earth, 3 and said, “My lord, if now I have found favor in your sight, please don’t go away from your servant. 4 Now let a little water be fetched, wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree. 5 I will get a piece of bread so you can refresh your heart. After that you may go your way, now that you have come to your servant.”
>
> They said, “Very well, do as you have said.”
>
> 6 Abraham hurried into the tent to Sarah, and said, “Quickly prepare three seahs[[a](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=GENESIS+18%3A1-15&version=weB#fen-WEB-431a "See footnote a")] of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes.” 7 Abraham ran to the herd, and fetched a tender and good calf, and gave it to the servant. He hurried to dress it. 8 He took butter, milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them. He stood by them under the tree, and they ate.
>
> 9 They asked him, “Where is Sarah, your wife?”
>
> He said, “There, in the tent.”
>
> 10 He said, “I will certainly return to you at about this time next year; and behold, Sarah your wife will have a son.”
>
> Sarah heard in the tent door, which was behind him. 11 Now Abraham and Sarah were old, well advanced in age. Sarah had passed the age of childbearing. 12 Sarah laughed within herself, saying, “After I have grown old will I have pleasure, my lord being old also?”
>
> 13 Yahweh said to Abraham, “Why did Sarah laugh, saying, ‘Will I really bear a child when I am old?’ 14 Is anything too hard for Yahweh? At the set time I will return to you, when the season comes around, and Sarah will have a son.”
>
> 15 Then Sarah denied it, saying, “I didn’t laugh,” for she was afraid.
>
> He said, “No, but you did laugh.”
>
> ##### Genesis 18:1-15

<!--EndFragment-->