---
title: Episode 056
date: Sunday April 18th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-56.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode56-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0056 - Proclaiming righteousness" allowtransparency="true" height="150" width="100%" style="border: none; min-width: min(100%, 430px);" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/player-v2/?i=xtrz5-100ffeb-pb&from=pb6admin&download=1&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Arial&skin=1&btn-skin=7"></iframe>

<!--StartFragment-->

16 The men rose up from there, and looked toward Sodom. Abraham went with them to see them on their way. 17 Yahweh said, “Will I hide from Abraham what I do, 18 since Abraham will surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed in him? 19 For I have known him, to the end that he may command his children and his household after him, that they may keep the way of Yahweh, to do righteousness and justice; to the end that Yahweh may bring on Abraham that which he has spoken of him.” 20 Yahweh said, “Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous, 21 I will go down now, and see whether their deeds are as bad as the reports which have come to me. If not, I will know.”

> 22 The men turned from there, and went toward Sodom, but Abraham stood yet before Yahweh. 23 Abraham came near, and said, “Will you consume the righteous with the wicked? 24 What if there are fifty righteous within the city? Will you consume and not spare the place for the fifty righteous who are in it? 25 May it be far from you to do things like that, to kill the righteous with the wicked, so that the righteous should be like the wicked. May that be far from you. Shouldn’t the Judge of all the earth do right?”
>
> 26 Yahweh said, “If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare the whole place for their sake.” 27 Abraham answered, “See now, I have taken it on myself to speak to the Lord, although I am dust and ashes. 28 What if there will lack five of the fifty righteous? Will you destroy all the city for lack of five?”
>
> He said, “I will not destroy it if I find forty-five there.”
>
> 29 He spoke to him yet again, and said, “What if there are forty found there?”
>
> He said, “I will not do it for the forty’s sake.”
>
> 30 He said, “Oh don’t let the Lord be angry, and I will speak. What if there are thirty found there?”
>
> He said, “I will not do it if I find thirty there.”
>
> 31 He said, “See now, I have taken it on myself to speak to the Lord. What if there are twenty found there?”
>
> He said, “I will not destroy it for the twenty’s sake.”
>
> 32 He said, “Oh don’t let the Lord be angry, and I will speak just once more. What if ten are found there?”
>
> He said, “I will not destroy it for the ten’s sake.”
>
> 33 Yahweh went his way as soon as he had finished communing with Abraham, and Abraham returned to his place.
>
> ##### Genesis 18:16-33

<!--EndFragment-->