---
title: Episode 010
date: Sunday February 28th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-10-tile.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode10-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0010 - Beauty from a rib" height="122" width="100%" style="border: none;" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/media/player/38r2n-fc1555?from=pb6admin&download=1&version=1&auto=0&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Helvetica&skin=1&pfauth=&btn-skin=107"></iframe>

Adam was being used as a symbol of Christ to come. Just as God took a rib from the side of Adam while He slept, God formed His church through the death of His Son – His moment of deepest sleep. The soldier pierced His precious side and out came blood mixed with water. Two men with similar scars 4000 years apart – one received a bride of flesh and the other a bride of the Spirit. If God was willing to do that for us, we should respond in kind by calling on His name!

 

> 18 Yahweh God said, “It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make him a helper comparable to[[c](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Genesis%202&version=WEB#fen-WEB-49c "See footnote c")] him.” 19 Out of the ground Yahweh God formed every animal of the field, and every bird of the sky, and brought them to the man to see what he would call them. Whatever the man called every living creature became its name. 20 The man gave names to all livestock, and to the birds of the sky, and to every animal of the field; but for man there was not found a helper comparable to him. 21 Yahweh God caused the man to fall into a deep sleep. As the man slept, he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh in its place. 22 Yahweh God made a woman from the rib which he had taken from the man, and brought her to the man. 23 The man said, “This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh. She will be called ‘woman,’ because she was taken out of Man.” 24 Therefore a man will leave his father and his mother, and will join with his wife, and they will be one flesh. 25 The man and his wife were both naked, and they were not ashamed.
>
> ###### Genesis 2:18-25