---
title: Episode 022
date: Thursday March 11th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-22-tile.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode22-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0022 - Grace in the eyes of the Lord" height="122" width="100%" style="border: none;" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/media/player/2amnp-fd4e75?from=pb6admin&download=1&version=1&auto=0&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Helvetica&skin=1&pfauth=&btn-skin=107"></iframe>

<!--StartFragment-->

## Grace in the eyes of the Lord

<!--EndFragment-->

> 5 Yahweh saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of man’s heart was continually only evil. 6 Yahweh was sorry that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him in his heart. 7 Yahweh said, “I will destroy man whom I have created from the surface of the ground—man, along with animals, creeping things, and birds of the sky—for I am sorry that I have made them.” 8 But Noah found favor in Yahweh’s eyes.
>
> 9 This is the history of the generations of Noah: Noah was a righteous man, blameless among the people of his time. Noah walked with God. 10 Noah became the father of three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 11 The earth was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. 12 God saw the earth, and saw that it was corrupt, for all flesh had corrupted their way on the earth.
>
> 13 God said to Noah, “I will bring an end to all flesh, for the earth is filled with violence through them. Behold, I will destroy them and the earth.
>
> ##### Genesis 6:5-13

*Listen to this episode to hear about the picture of Christ covering us from God's wrath, the picture of rescue before tribulation fill s the earth, a hint towards the final gracious act of protection for Israel before the Kingdom comes and insight into what the Lord Jesus Christ did when he died (1 Peter 3:18-22)*

<!--StartFragment-->

> 18 Because Christ also suffered for sins once, the righteous for the unrighteous, that he might bring you to God, being put to death in the flesh, but made alive in the Spirit, 19 in whom he also went and preached to the spirits in prison, 20 who before were disobedient, when God waited patiently in the days of Noah, while the ship was being built. In it, few, that is, eight souls, were saved through water. 21 This is a symbol of baptism, which now saves you—not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ, 22 who is at the right hand of God, having gone into heaven, angels and authorities and powers being made subject to him.
>
> ##### 1 Peter 3:18-22

<!--EndFragment-->