---
title: Episode 016
date: Friday March 5th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-16-tile.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode16-widescreen-copy.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0016 - No salvation can be earned" height="122" width="100%" style="border: none;" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/media/player/fr6j9-fcb116?from=pb6admin&download=1&version=1&auto=0&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Helvetica&skin=1&pfauth=&btn-skin=107"></iframe>

## No salvation can be earned

> Adam had intimate relations with his wife Eve. She became pregnant and gave birth to Cain.\[a] Eve said, “With the Lord’s help, I have given birth to a man.” 2 After that, Eve gave birth to Cain’s brother Abel. Abel took care of sheep. Cain became a farmer.
>
> 3 Later, Cain brought a gift to God. He brought some food from the ground. 4 Abel brought the best parts of his best sheep. The Lord accepted Abel and his gift. 5 But God did not accept Cain and his gift. Cain became very angry and looked unhappy.
>
> 6 The Lord asked Cain, “Why are you angry? Why do you look so unhappy? 7 If you do good, I will accept you. But if you do not do good, sin is ready to attack you. Sin wants you. But you must rule over it.”
>
> 8 Cain said to his brother Abel, “Let’s go out into the field.” So Cain and Abel went into the field. Then Cain attacked his brother Abel and killed him.
>
> 9 Later, the Lord said to Cain, “Where is your brother Abel?”
>
> Cain answered, “I don’t know. Is it my job to take care of my brother?”
>
> 10 Then the Lord said, “What have you done? Your brother’s blood is on the ground. That blood is like a voice that tells me what happened. 
>
> ###### Genesis 4:1-10

The disappointment in realizing that we have any part to play in our salvation apart from simply trusting in God without boasting is expounded from the understanding given in this episode about the meaning of the Hebrew names, Cain and Abel. 

*God's word is simply marvelous!*