---
title: Episode 053
date: Sunday April 11th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-53-tile.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode53-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0053 - The promised son - a time for laughter" allowtransparency="true" height="150" width="100%" style="border: none; min-width: min(100%, 430px);" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/player-v2/?i=3suua-1004d40-pb&from=pb6admin&download=1&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Arial&skin=1&btn-skin=7"></iframe>

<!--StartFragment-->

> 15 God said to Abraham, “As for Sarai your wife, you shall not call her name Sarai, but her name shall be Sarah. 16 I will bless her, and moreover I will give you a son by her. Yes, I will bless her, and she will be a mother of nations. Kings of peoples will come from her.”
>
> 17 Then Abraham fell on his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, “Will a child be born to him who is one hundred years old? Will Sarah, who is ninety years old, give birth?” 18 Abraham said to God, “Oh that Ishmael might live before you!”
>
> 19 God said, “No, but Sarah, your wife, will bear you a son. You shall call his name Isaac.[[a](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=GENESIS+17%3A15-27&version=weB#fen-WEB-417a "See footnote a")] I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant for his offspring after him. 20 As for Ishmael, I have heard you. Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly. He will become the father of twelve princes, and I will make him a great nation. 21 But I will establish my covenant with Isaac, whom Sarah will bear to you at this set time next year.”
>
> 22 When he finished talking with him, God went up from Abraham. 23 Abraham took Ishmael his son, all who were born in his house, and all who were bought with his money: every male among the men of Abraham’s house, and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the same day, as God had said to him. 24 Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. 25 Ishmael, his son, was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. 26 In the same day both Abraham and Ishmael, his son, were circumcised. 27 All the men of his house, those born in the house, and those bought with money from a foreigner, were circumcised with him.
>
> ##### Genesis 17:15-27

<!--EndFragment-->

Samuel, (who features in this picture made a few days ago), l and I had just spent the night in hospital after he bust his lip falling off his bike.  The curtain around the bed had the number 53 on it and my initials.  Strange.   We had to wait in the room for the amount of time it took to play from episode 1 to 53.    At bedtime, our children's Bible story happened to be at John 21 when 153 fish were caught.  Praise the Creator God who is at work in His Creation!