---
title: Episode 046
date: Saturday April 3rd, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-46.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode46-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0046 - Melchizedek – prefiguring our Prophet, Priest, and King" allowtransparency="true" height="150" width="100%" style="border: none; min-width: min(100%, 430px);" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/player-v2/?i=3fwmt-ffa5d4-pb&from=pb6admin&download=1&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Arial&skin=1&btn-skin=7"></iframe>

<!--StartFragment-->

In this special episode, the 10 minute rule of the episode limit is broken.  This is fitting, since we happen to be publishing this on Resurrection Day in 2021.   The Law of Moses was nailed to the Cross when Jesus died for us.   We have a certain freedom!   \
\
I hope you will benefit from the extra reading from Hebrews chapter 5, 6 and 7 within this episode to help an understanding of how Melchizedek fits into the story.

<!--EndFragment-->

<!--StartFragment-->

> 17 The king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer and the kings who were with him, at the valley of Shaveh (that is, the King’s Valley). 18 Melchizedek king of Salem brought out bread and wine. He was priest of God Most High. 19 He blessed him, and said, “Blessed be Abram of God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth. 20 Blessed be God Most High, who has delivered your enemies into your hand.”
>
> Abram gave him a tenth of all.
>
> 21 The king of Sodom said to Abram, “Give me the people, and take the goods for yourself.”
>
> 22 Abram said to the king of Sodom, “I have lifted up my hand to Yahweh, God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth, 23 that I will not take a thread nor a sandal strap nor anything that is yours, lest you should say, ‘I have made Abram rich.’ 24 I will accept nothing from you except that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men who went with me: Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre. Let them take their portion.”
>
> ##### Genesis 14:17-24
>
> <!--EndFragment-->