---
title: Episode 020
date: Tuesday March 9th, 2021
tile: /images/uploads/episode-20-tile.jpg
thumbnail: /images/uploads/episode20-widescreen.jpg
category: Genesis
---
<iframe title="0020 - The gospel in the Jewish text" height="122" width="100%" style="border: none;" scrolling="no" data-name="pb-iframe-player" src="https://www.podbean.com/media/player/vs23d-fd120b?from=pb6admin&download=1&version=1&auto=0&share=1&download=1&rtl=0&fonts=Helvetica&skin=1&pfauth=&btn-skin=107"></iframe>

## The gospel of God in the Jewish text

> 18 Jared lived one hundred sixty-two years, then became the father of Enoch. 19 Jared lived after he became the father of Enoch eight hundred years, and became the father of other sons and daughters. 20 All of the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty-two years, then he died.
>
> 21 Enoch lived sixty-five years, then became the father of Methuselah. 22 After Methuselah’s birth, Enoch walked with God for three hundred years, and became the father of more sons and daughters. 23 All the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty-five years. 24 Enoch walked with God, and he was not found, for God took him.
>
> 25 Methuselah lived one hundred eighty-seven years, then became the father of Lamech. 26 Methuselah lived after he became the father of Lamech seven hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of other sons and daughters. 27 All the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-nine years, then he died.
>
> 28 Lamech lived one hundred eighty-two years, then became the father of a son. 29 He named him Noah, saying, “This one will comfort us in our work and in the toil of our hands, caused by the ground which Yahweh has cursed.” 30 Lamech lived after he became the father of Noah five hundred ninety-five years, and became the father of other sons and daughters. 31 All the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy-seven years, then he died.
>
> 32 Noah was five hundred years old, then Noah became the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
>
> ###### Genesis 5:18-32



The names from Adam to Noah, along with the meaning of each name:

Adam:  Man
Seth:  Appointed
Enosh:  A mortal man
Cainan:  dwelling place
Mahalalel:  Praise God
Jared:   descended
Enoch:   to discipline and train-up
Methuselah:   death will send away, cast out
Lamech:   the depressed, despairing

This brings us to the tenth and final name in the Genesis 5 genealogy: Noah. Lamech named his son Noah, “saying, “This one will comfort us concerning our work and the toil of our hands…” (Genesis 5:29).  The Bible also tells us that Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord (Genesis 6:8).

Noah’s name means comfort or rest.  True comfort and real rest is only found when we receive God’s grace. Jesus is “\[the] One who will comfort us concerning our work and the toil of our hands.”

Now let’s string together the meanings of all ten names \[bracketed words added for understanding]:

Man \[is] appointed a mortal man \[in his] dwelling place. Praise God, \[He] descended to discipline and train-up.

\[His] death will send away, cast out, the depressed, the despairing.  The One \[Jesus] will comfort us and give us rest.